I had some trouble setting up my branches and remote repositories. It seems like I didn't set up a seperate branch to do my work on so I will describe my process here instead of in a pull request.

For my response I used React and JavaScript to build the functionality of the application and used axios to make the requests to the GitHub API. I could have used the build in fetch method but I prefere using axios for its simplicity and easy of use. Currently my app will take the input from the searchbar and fetch all the public gists by that user. I am still working on retrieving the information for a specific gist. I have an the axios request for fetching a single gist set up and I have a basic component where the information should be displayed. I am able to extract the id of the gist clicked on but need to work on connecting the axios reqeust for a single gist with the correct gist id. This is the feature I would have to continue to build out as well as the feature that lets a user add a gist to their favorites.

Since the CSS was of the lowest priorty, I did not incorprate any style at all. So, if I had more time, I would add CSS styling probably using styled components. I would also seperate the DisplayGists into two components: one to create the overall container and one component that creates the individual gist components with the information needed. I would also use a library to turn the created_at date into a human readable date. Right now, nothing is optimized either so that is something to look into when polishing the application for production. 

One part of the specs I was confused on was the second point for 'Retrieving the detail for a gist': 'The detail of the gist should list all the files for that gist.'. I wasn't sure if a gist could display multiple files or if it is just one text document.

From the spec I completed fetching all the gist from a user. I spend most of my time figuring out how the API endpoint worked, what information it returned, and then figuring out how to pass the information between the different components. I decided to use React Hooks because I find my code looks cleaner with them and updating state is more intuitive. Managing state between the different components is a problem I need to review as I spend a lot of time thinking about what I had to do. 
